SpaceEngine License    https://spaceengine.org/manual/license/


LICENSE

Copyright on the “SpaceEngine” software belongs to Vladimir Romanyuk 
“SpaceEngineer” (the Author). The Author reserves all other rights in the 
Software not expressly granted to you here. Subject to your compliance with 
these terms and conditions, the Author grants you a royalty-free, 
non-exclusive license to use, copy and distribute the Software, and any 
content created with the Software (screenshots, video, textures, scripts), 
without fee, for personal, educational, charity and other non-commercial 
use. If you want to use the Software or content created with the Software 
for commercial purposes, please contact the Author at admin@spaceengine.org.


LIMITATIONS

The source code, design, and structure of the Software are trade secrets. 
You will not disassemble, decompile, reverse engineer, or distribute it, in 
whole or in part, except to the extent expressly permitted by law. You will 
not sell the Software or any parts of it, or charge others for use of it 
(either for profit or merely to recover your media and distribution costs) 
whether as a stand-alone product, as part of a compilation or anthology, or 
included in a separate software package, without explicit prior written 
permission by the Author. You will not remove or alter any copyright or 
license notices contained in the Software and documentation, or remove or 
alter any identifying elements, including splash screens and logos, or try 
to hide or reassign in any way the name or origin of the software or any of 
its components. You will not use the Software or any parts of it to 
advertise, promote, present or sell any software or other product or service
without explicit prior written permission by the Author. You will not use 
the Software to engage in or allow others to engage in any illegal activity.


DISCLAIMER OF WARRANTIES

The Software is provided by the Author ‘as is’. The Author disclaims any 
responsibility for harm resulting from the Software or any software or 
content downloaded using the Software, whether or not the Author approved 
such software or content. The Author expressly disclaims all warranties and 
conditions, expressed or implied, including any implied warranties and 
conditions of merchantability, fitness for a particular purpose, and 
noninfringement, and any warranties and conditions arising out of course of 
dealing or usage of trade regarding the Software or any software or content 
you download using the Software. No advice or information, whether oral or 
written, obtained from the Author or elsewhere will create any warranty or 
condition not expressly stated in this agreement. Some jurisdictions do not 
allow certain limitations on implied warranties, so the above limitation may
not apply to you to its full extent.


Third-party Libraries License Agreements

libjpeg (BSD-like)
https://jpegclub.org/reference/libjpeg-license/

libpng
https://spdx.org/licenses/Libpng

libtiff (BSD-like)
https://spdx.org/licenses/libtiff.html

Vorbis (BSD-3-Clause)
https://github.com/naudio/Vorbis/blob/master/LICENSE

zlib
https://www.zlib.net/zlib_license.html

GLEW (OpenGL Extension Wrangler Library)
https://github.com/nigels-com/glew/blob/master/LICENSE.txt

SDL (Simple DirectMedia Layer) (SDL2.0, zlib)
https://www.libsdl.org/license.php

OpenAL (LGPLv3)
http://www.gnu.org/copyleft/lgpl.html

libovr
https://www.oculus.com/legal/privacy-policy-for-oculus-account-users/

openvr (BSD 3-Clause)
https://github.com/ValveSoftware/openvr/blob/master/LICENSE

FreeType (FTL, GPLv2)
https://www.freetype.org/license.html

Noto fonts (SIL OFL1.1)
https://github.com/googlefonts/noto-fonts/blob/main/LICENSE

DejaVu Fonts
https://dejavu-fonts.github.io/License.html